README.md, before:

# stable-diffusion.cpp : GUI of command line interface

This repository is a fork of [stable-diffusion.cpp](https://github.com/leejet/stable-diffusion.cpp). It only adds a GUI interface to the executable generating examples. It will be updated according to the master repository developments (evolution of the parameters).

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/sd-example.png" width="360x">
</p>

- Only requires installation of Qt (5 or 6)

- To enable, use CMake options:
  
  ```cmake
  -DSD_BUILD_EXAMPLES=ON -DSD_EXAMPLES_GLOVE_GUI=ON
  ```
  
   then instead of CLI arguments use:
  
  ```sh
  sd -glove
  ```

- Parameters saving as *json*, upon acceptance (*Ok* button):
  
  - The parameters are saved automatically at the execution location
  - The parameters are also copied automatically to the directory of the <code>--output</code> path

- Parameters loading:
  
  - The last used parameters are automatically loaded at launch
  - Parameters can be loaded
    - by using the *Load* button
    - or: <code>sd -glove 'path-to-parameters-file'</code>

- On Windows, if DLLs are missing, go to the <code>sd</code> executable directory and do:
  
  ```sh
  windeployqt.exe sd.exe
  ```

## License

The interface is licensed under GPL-3.0, when using <code>-DSD_EXAMPLES_GLOVE_GUI=ON</code>. Otherwise, the MIT license of the master repository applies.

Commit message:

add progress and warning/error display
- add management of shared library
- update glove

README.md, after:

# stable-diffusion.cpp : GUI of command line interface

This repository is a fork of [stable-diffusion.cpp](https://github.com/leejet/stable-diffusion.cpp). It adds a GUI interface to the executable generating examples. It will be updated according to the master repository developments (evolution of the parameters).

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/sd-example.png" width="360x">
</p>

- Only requires installation of Qt (5 or 6)

- To enable, use CMake options:
  
  ```cmake
  -DSD_BUILD_EXAMPLES=ON -DSD_EXAMPLES_GLOVE_GUI=ON
  ```

## Features

- Parameters saving as *json*, upon acceptance (*Ok* button):
  
  - The parameters are saved automatically at the execution location
  - The parameters are also copied automatically to the directory of the <code>--output</code> path

- Parameters loading:
  
  - The last used parameters are automatically loaded at launch
  - Parameters can be loaded
    - by using the *Load* button
    - or: <code>sd -glove 'path-to-parameters-file'</code>
	
- Progress :

  - Monitoring of progression
  - Possibility to cancel

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/sd-example-progress.png" width="200x">
</p>

- Warning/error messages display
	
## Misc

- By default, the setup is configured for a desktop application (i.e. : launch using executable icon on desktop).
  One can disable this default behaviour by additionaly setting the following CMake command:
  ```cmake
  -DSD_EXAMPLES_GLOVE_GUI_DESKTOP=OFF
  ```
  In this case, the GUI will be accessible using the following CLI argument:
  ```sh
  sd -glove
  ```
  and the terminal will be visible.
  

- On Windows, if DLLs are missing, go to the <code>sd</code> executable directory and apply the command:
  
  ```sh
  windeployqt.exe sd.exe
  ```

## License

The interface is licensed under GPL-3.0, when using <code>-DSD_EXAMPLES_GLOVE_GUI=ON</code>. Otherwise, the MIT license of the master repository applies.
